>> Kyle Simpson: We do want to
actually do some processing
on our streams as they go by.
And the way we're gonna do that is
we're gonna set up a transform stream.
So I'm going to pull
in let's see what it's
called here at transform from the stream.
>> Kyle Simpson: There's another built
in node model called stream, and
we're gonna just pull off specifically
the transform string constructor from it.
We're gonna make a transform stream and
the reason we're making a transform stream
is so that we can step in
the middle of a stream pipe and
item by item we can process
what's going through it.
So, instead of having
output stream immediately.
In there what we're just gonna
do is step in the middle of it.
So let's make an upperStream
that's gonna say new Transform.
And the constructor takes an object that
can have several configurations in it but
the one we want to care about is that
it needs a method called transform.
And this method will receive some inputs,
it will receive a chunk.
It will receive an encoding which
we don't care about in here.
Doesn't even always know the encoding and
then it seems a method to let
us know that it's finished.
I'll call it next, or
maybe we'll call it cb.
This is just a notifier
that we have finished.
The way that this transform stream works,
it may seem a little bit strange, but
it's basically kind of like an array.
So if we wanna put something
into our stream from that chunk,
we literally just say this.push and
give it something.
Okay, so we're not passing it to callback,
but we do need to execute callback so
that the stream knows this chunk has
been processed and it can move on.
And that allows you to do asynchronous
processing if you need to.
Here we literally just wanna take
the chunk, turn it into a string and
upper case it.
So we'll do that we'll say chunk.toString.
Chunk of course is a buffer.
We'll take chunk.toString which
turns it into a string and
then we'll call it toUpperCase on it.
>> Kyle Simpson: That pushes the
transformed chunk into our upperStream.
Now, we need to get input
stream into upperStream.
Anybody remember how we do that?
>> Kyle Simpson: Think about the shapes
of the streams that we're dealing with.
UpperStream is going to be a writable.
>> Speaker 2: Would it be outstream.pipe
with upperStream as the argument?
>> Kyle Simpson: And
output stream won't have a .pipe
on it because the output stream is
>> Speaker 2: nstream.pipe
>> Kyle Simpson: So it's going to be
inStream.pipe and we're going to give
it a readable stream so upperStream and
what's gonna come back from that is-
>> Speaker 2: A readable stream.
>> Kyle Simpson: outStream.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
we're taking inStream in to this thing and
then we're transforming it.
Now I'm just gonna do one extra
little intermediary step,
which is gonna set us up for
stuff we're doing later.
When I assign outputStream there
we're just gonna use outputStream.
It's gonna allow us to do a bunch of
transformations that we'll get to.
So we're just gonna keep reassigning
this variable outStream is equal toi
outStream.pipe into something else, and
then we'll do that over and over and
over again, okay?
And now we have a targetStream to write
to, and we can finally say at the very
end outStream into our targetStream and
it should dump those contents.
So let's go over to our code.
And we're gonna try it
with the Lauren.text.
And we'll see that it was able
to uppercase all of them, but
to prove to you that it's
happening one chunk at a time,
now that we have a transform stream, but
I'm actually gonna do is insert a delay.
Into each step of the transformation,
make it obvious what's happening.
So I'm gonna just do
a simple old set timeout.
So I can just say cb and let's just delay
by 500 milliseconds for each chunk and
then when we run this you're gonna see
that each chunk is getting processed.
Every 500 milliseconds.
>> Kyle Simpson: So it's roughly 11 or
12 chunks to go through the whole
megabyte file and then it's finished.
So that proves to us it's not
doing everything all at once.
It's doing it efficiently.
It's using these internal buffer sizes.
I assume that they have some conditions
within it where maybe they adjust those or
even configure those, but
I think the default is 65K.
All right, let's take that timer back out.
That was just for illustration purposes.
Make sure you call cb.